Navigation bar on the top of all pages
	* Left alligned: Caleb Matthews, Web Dev
	* Right alligned: Home, Skills, Projects, Work History, The Rest

Splash page, contains...

Name, email, phone number in jumbotron label
Search bar below
	Label: "What area of experience are you looking for?"
	Default: "E.g. Typescript, Web Design, CSS"
	This bar returns returns:
		* Mini description of pertinent entries
			- This includes icon and short description
			- On click, takes the user to the detail page

The nav bar on top routes to the following pages:

1. Projects in brief, github page
	* Name, short description, reduced size screenshot
	* On click, go to new view:
		- Expanded details for an individual project
		- Screenshots to page through
		- Links to related entries, such as work experience

2. Work experience in brief
	* Company name, name of role, brief accomplishments
	* On click, go to new view:
		- Expanded details for work experience
		- Screenshots of products?
		- Links to company websites

3. Familiar languages / systems
	* Includes name of technology and degree of familiarity formatted as a table
	* Skills to include here:
		High
			Javascript: 1, 4, 5, 9
			Typescript: 4, 9
			HTML: 1, 4, 5, 9
			Bootstrap: 1, 5, 9
			VBA: 2, 3, 7, 8
			Technical Writing: 1, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8
			Regulatory Affairs: 3, 6, 7, 8
			Clinical Studies Management: 2, 7, 8
			Quality Management System: 6, 7, 8
		Medium
			CSS: 1, 4, 5, 9
			Angular: 1, 5
			Angular2: 9
			SQL: 2
			UX: 2, 3, 4, 9
			Statistical Analysis: 1, 3, 5, 7
		Low: Python, C++

4. Other experience, including RAC, education, DMFG
	Where I Am
		I moved to Madison, Wisconsin in the summer of 2014.  About the same time that programming was growing from a tool that I used at work, to a hobby that consumed huge pieces of my free time.
		Since my first job I had used VBA to avoid repetitive work, but it's been very different designing entire projects from the ground up and I've loved it.

	Medical and Scientific Knowledge
		I studied Biochemistry and Colorado State University from 2006 - 2010, and I was a registered Emergency Medical Technician (EMT-B) from 2010 - 2011.
		I haven't stopped loving medicine. Working with cochlear implant and radiation therapy manufacturers has given me a fascinating, inside view of the forefront of medical technology.
	Leadership
		Two and a half years ago I founded the Downtown Madison Fiction Group, with the goal of working with other writers to improve style and clarity.
		We meet weekly, and have almost two hundred members.  Leading meetings has been intimidating work, and I've learned far more than I've taught.
		Several members have actually become published authors during their time with the group!

Styling:
Large text, wide white space, horizontally centered, no/subtle background

width: 100%;
height: 5em;
transform: rotate(-5deg) translateY(-50px);
